suggesting mr. president there's a
military plot to take over the
government this may occur sometime this
coming sandy there are some who will say
it can never happen here but this is the
story of how it could happen in seven
days of intrigue a blackmail of terror
an eternity of suspense this is the
astounding story of a military plot to
overthrow the government of the United
States which if successful would change
the fate of every American
you're a knight croelick Oh a peddler
you sell information are you
sufficiently up on your Bible to know
Judas was yes I know Judas was there's a
man I worked for an admired until he
disgraced the four stars on his uniform
seven days in May the first day when a
Marine Colonel wondered who was inciting
screaming mobs in Madison Square Garden
the second day that uncovered secret
meetings in Washington's back alleys the
third day when unknown men prepared to
kidnap the president from his private
vacation resort the fourth day that
brought a secret presidential messenger
to death in a plane crash in Spain the
day a senator of the United States was
held against his will the fifth day when
a woman found her past being used for
blackmail
look le if I could tell you why I'm
doing this you'd understand I was a
stupid impressionable female who led an
Air Force general user like his personal
airplane the sixth day a discovery of a
desert base for an airborne task force
kept secret even from the President of
the United States
the seventh day when the head of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff dared the
President of the United States to stop
the conspiracy that couldn't be proved
you're not a weak sister mr. president
you're a criminally weak sister you say
I do the people general I don't them I
mislead to my ship the naked made them
defenseless you accuse me of having lost
their faith deliberately and criminally
shut my ears to the national voice I do
well where the hell have you heard that
voice general in freight elevators and
dark alleys and secret places in the
dead of night are that voice seep into a
locked room full of conspirators that's
not where you hear the voice of the
people general not in this Republic and
I will not resign voluntarily I'm going
to fight you and then we'll see which
one of us the United States is willing
to follow
you